>> James Halliday: Some of my favorite
switches for LS are -1, which is really
useful for scripts which makes sure that
all of the files are in a single column.
So you can sort of process
them line by line instead of
having to parse the column format.
>> James Halliday: It
can also do things like
>> James Halliday: -F, capital F,
and --color=auto.
I don't know if this will work
on Mac with BSD version LS, but
on Linux,
it's a pretty good version of LS.
It gives you things like colors and
it provides the,
like if there's a slash on
the end of this directory, so
you can sort of tell things apart.
>> James Halliday: All of these options
are documented in the min page,
it's called for-
>> Speaker 2: Can you go back to your
aliases?
That's actually really interesting.
>> James Halliday: Yeah,
I've got all kinds of fun stuff in there.
[LAUGH]
>> James Halliday: I
don't know why I have an Emacs alias.
I never use that.
>> James Halliday: There's my tslide alias
that turns of the syntax highlighting.
>> Speaker 2: Someone's asking
how do I exit the man command?
>> James Halliday: Q.
>> Speaker 2: Will we go
into creating aliases?
>> James Halliday: I forget if I put
it in the notes, but we can do that.
I'll could show you right now.
If you have a command that you want to run
in a custom way, you can use an alias.
If I wanna create an alias for
the OS commands, that is like ls -1.
If I only want to see column output,
I can do that with quotes.
LS thinks I always see them line by line.
You can do this with pretty much any
command, including composing commands.
>> Speaker 2: Then lets say
you wanted to remove that?
>> James Halliday: So in this case,
you can just close the shell and open it
again, cuz I didn't save it anywhere,
so ls is back to its default behavior.
If you want to save your aliases
you can use one of your rc files.
So if you open ~/.bashrc, and
I'm gonna go into more about
what the tilde means, and
what the dot file means,
then you can set up aliases in there.
So this is an example of a bash script,
which
we're gonna be talking a lot more about
once we have learned some more commands.
So you can put your aliases in there.